README.md, before:

# Welcome to Magician Yang's blog.

I set up this blog by personal-jekyll-theme and you can find some details which are different from the original theme. 

+ I added [redcarpet](https://github.com/vmg/redcarpet) for markdown.
+ I added pygments for the code highlight and picked my favourite highlight theme Monokai.
+ I can't figure out why the disqus cannot be load well in my blog, but after I deleted `{% if page.section-type == "post" %}` in js.html line 65 and `{% if page.section-type == "post" or page.section-type == "blog" or page.section-type == "index" or page.section-type == "tag" %}` in js.html line 78, it can be loaded. Until now, I don't know why. Maybe someone can help me to slove this problem.
+ I added `text-align: left` for the post content.
+ I modified other personal settings.

The content you see below is from personal-jekyll-theme.
---
![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PanosSakkos/personal-jekyll-theme.svg?branch=master)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/PanosSakkos/personal-jekyll-theme](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/PanosSakkos/personal-jekyll-theme?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

# { Personal } Jekyll Theme

{ Personal } is a free responsive Jekyll theme, about you :wink:

You can watch it in action [here](https://panossakkos.github.io/personal-jekyll-theme/)!

## What value does { Personal } add

* Fork of [Timeline](https://github.com/kirbyt/timeline-jekyll-theme) (mashup of [Grayscale by Start Bootstrap](https://github.com/IronSummitMedia/startbootstrap-grayscale) and [Agency Jekyll Theme](https://github.com/y7kim/agency-jekyll-theme))
  * Modern and minimal design
    * Responsive templates for home page, blog archive and posts. Looks great on mobile, tablet, and desktop devices
    * Sweet animations
    * Gracefully degrades in older browsers. Compatible with Internet Explorer 8+ and all modern browsers
  * Timeline
    * Tell your story so far with a sleek timeline of dates, pictures and descriptions
  * White on black text, making the reading experience tireless
  * Google analytics  
* Customization and full control of your website and blog through the site config
* Blogging functionality
  * Preview of the latest post in the home page
  * Archive page
  * Syntax highlighting
  * Emojis
  * Gesture navigation in archive and post pages by swiping
  * #tags
  * Disqus comments
  * Bootstrap share buttons
  * RSS feed
* Anti-procrastinating 404 page
* iOS and Android Web App mode
* Forcing of https protocol
* Protection from email harvesting
* Sitemap
* Travis CI integration with [html-proofer](https://github.com/gjtorikian/html-proofer)

## { Personal } à la JekyllNow

Want to get { Personal } without messing with jekyll installations and terminal commands?

  1. Fork the personal-jekyll-theme repository
  2. Rename the forked repository to yourgithubusername.github.io
  3. Visit https://yourgithubusername.github.io
  4. Start modifying the \_config.yml and editing your blog's posts from Github's online editor or a third party online editor (i.e. [Prose](https://prose.io/))

## Documentation

The theme contains documentation in the form of [blog posts](https://panossakkos.github.io/personal-jekyll-theme/blog/index.html).

## Screenshots
### Header
![Intro](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/index.jpg)
### About
![About](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/about.jpg)
### Latest post preview
![Blog](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/blog.jpg)
### Timeline
![Timeline](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/timeline.jpg)
### Blog Archive
![Archive](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/archive.jpg)
### Gesture navigation instructions
![Instructions](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/swipe.jpg)
### Post page
![Post](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/post.jpg)
### \#Tags
![Tags](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/tags.jpg)
### 404
![404](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/404.jpg)
### Mobile rendering
![Web App](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/web-app.jpg)
### Web App mode

![iOS](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/ios.jpg)

![Android](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/pinned.jpg)

## How to run locally

First you need to install the dependencies:

````
gem install jekyll jekyll-paginate jemoji html-proofer
````

Then, you can build and serve your website by simply running:

````
./scripts/serve-production
````

## Wiki

Don't forget to list your { Personal } blog in the [Blogs using { Personal }](https://github.com/PanosSakkos/personal-jekyll-theme/wiki/Blogs-using-%7B-Personal-%7D) wiki page in order to drive some traffic to your website :wink:

## Integrating bug fixes and features into your old fork

Have you published your own website by forking { Personal } and now you want to get the latest bug fixes and features from this repo into your website?
Then check [this](https://github.com/PanosSakkos/personal-jekyll-theme/wiki/Integrating-latest-bug-fixes-and-features-into-your-past-fork) out.

## OSS used in { Personal }

One of the reasons { Personal } is real is the following OSS projects:

  1. [Grayscale](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/grayscale/)
  2. [hammer.js](https://hammerjs.github.io/)
  3. [highlightjs](https://highlightjs.org/)
  4. [RRSSB](https://github.com/kni-labs/rrssb)
  5. [Timeline](https://github.com/kirbyt/timeline-jekyll-theme)
  6. [typed.js](https://github.com/mattboldt/typed.js/)

## Supporting the repo

Proposals, pull requests and issues are more than welcome, let's make the web a bit more beautiful and secure :wink:

In case you want to say thank you by donating Bitcoins to all the contributors, [this](https://blockchain.info/address/1LHuKC9Em3KA5yoZaf7nngnNdf9K7s2gSi) is our address.

Commit message:

added table of contents for the post

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Magician Yang's blog.

I set up this blog by personal-jekyll-theme and you can find some details which are different from the original theme.

+ I added [redcarpet](https://github.com/vmg/redcarpet) for markdown.
+ I added pygments for the code highlight and picked my favourite highlight theme Monokai. And I also edited the css for the html tag `<code>`.
+ I can't figure out why the disqus cannot be load well in my blog, but after I deleted `{% if page.section-type == "post" %}` in js.html line 65 and `{% if page.section-type == "post" or page.section-type == "blog" or page.section-type == "index" or page.section-type == "tag" %}` in js.html line 78, it can be loaded. Until now, I don't know why. Maybe someone can help me to slove this problem.
+ I added `text-align: left` for the post content.
+ I added the table of contents for the post, using [jekyll-table-of-contents](https://github.com/ghiculescu/jekyll-table-of-contents). I modified some details in order to adapt for my blog.
+ I modified other personal settings in `grayscale.scss` and `_config.yml`.

The content you see below is from personal-jekyll-theme.
---
![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PanosSakkos/personal-jekyll-theme.svg?branch=master)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/PanosSakkos/personal-jekyll-theme](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/PanosSakkos/personal-jekyll-theme?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

# { Personal } Jekyll Theme

{ Personal } is a free responsive Jekyll theme, about you :wink:

You can watch it in action [here](https://panossakkos.github.io/personal-jekyll-theme/)!

## What value does { Personal } add

* Fork of [Timeline](https://github.com/kirbyt/timeline-jekyll-theme) (mashup of [Grayscale by Start Bootstrap](https://github.com/IronSummitMedia/startbootstrap-grayscale) and [Agency Jekyll Theme](https://github.com/y7kim/agency-jekyll-theme))
  * Modern and minimal design
    * Responsive templates for home page, blog archive and posts. Looks great on mobile, tablet, and desktop devices
    * Sweet animations
    * Gracefully degrades in older browsers. Compatible with Internet Explorer 8+ and all modern browsers
  * Timeline
    * Tell your story so far with a sleek timeline of dates, pictures and descriptions
  * White on black text, making the reading experience tireless
  * Google analytics  
* Customization and full control of your website and blog through the site config
* Blogging functionality
  * Preview of the latest post in the home page
  * Archive page
  * Syntax highlighting
  * Emojis
  * Gesture navigation in archive and post pages by swiping
  * #tags
  * Disqus comments
  * Bootstrap share buttons
  * RSS feed
* Anti-procrastinating 404 page
* iOS and Android Web App mode
* Forcing of https protocol
* Protection from email harvesting
* Sitemap
* Travis CI integration with [html-proofer](https://github.com/gjtorikian/html-proofer)

## { Personal } à la JekyllNow

Want to get { Personal } without messing with jekyll installations and terminal commands?

  1. Fork the personal-jekyll-theme repository
  2. Rename the forked repository to yourgithubusername.github.io
  3. Visit https://yourgithubusername.github.io
  4. Start modifying the \_config.yml and editing your blog's posts from Github's online editor or a third party online editor (i.e. [Prose](https://prose.io/))

## Documentation

The theme contains documentation in the form of [blog posts](https://panossakkos.github.io/personal-jekyll-theme/blog/index.html).

## Screenshots
### Header
![Intro](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/index.jpg)
### About
![About](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/about.jpg)
### Latest post preview
![Blog](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/blog.jpg)
### Timeline
![Timeline](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/timeline.jpg)
### Blog Archive
![Archive](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/archive.jpg)
### Gesture navigation instructions
![Instructions](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/swipe.jpg)
### Post page
![Post](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/post.jpg)
### \#Tags
![Tags](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/tags.jpg)
### 404
![404](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/404.jpg)
### Mobile rendering
![Web App](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/web-app.jpg)
### Web App mode

![iOS](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/ios.jpg)

![Android](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/8522559/personal-jekyll-theme/pinned.jpg)

## How to run locally

First you need to install the dependencies:

````
gem install jekyll jekyll-paginate jemoji html-proofer
````

Then, you can build and serve your website by simply running:

````
./scripts/serve-production
````

## Wiki

Don't forget to list your { Personal } blog in the [Blogs using { Personal }](https://github.com/PanosSakkos/personal-jekyll-theme/wiki/Blogs-using-%7B-Personal-%7D) wiki page in order to drive some traffic to your website :wink:

## Integrating bug fixes and features into your old fork

Have you published your own website by forking { Personal } and now you want to get the latest bug fixes and features from this repo into your website?
Then check [this](https://github.com/PanosSakkos/personal-jekyll-theme/wiki/Integrating-latest-bug-fixes-and-features-into-your-past-fork) out.

## OSS used in { Personal }

One of the reasons { Personal } is real is the following OSS projects:

  1. [Grayscale](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/grayscale/)
  2. [hammer.js](https://hammerjs.github.io/)
  3. [highlightjs](https://highlightjs.org/)
  4. [RRSSB](https://github.com/kni-labs/rrssb)
  5. [Timeline](https://github.com/kirbyt/timeline-jekyll-theme)
  6. [typed.js](https://github.com/mattboldt/typed.js/)

## Supporting the repo

Proposals, pull requests and issues are more than welcome, let's make the web a bit more beautiful and secure :wink:

In case you want to say thank you by donating Bitcoins to all the contributors, [this](https://blockchain.info/address/1LHuKC9Em3KA5yoZaf7nngnNdf9K7s2gSi) is our address.
